As a Full-Stack developer with 6+ years of experience in related fields.
I am specialized in developing the web devloping it means that I have familiarity with each layer of Web technology.
I have developed 50 or more of web-applications where I gain expertise with Node(Express), PHP(Laravel, Codeigniter, Wordpress), MongoDB, MYSQL, and js(React, Angular, vue, jquery).
I take pride in my professionalism and always strive in providing my clients timely and accurate results.

- Excellent knowledge of HTML, CSS, JS, jQuery, Responsive Web Design with wide experience in React, Vue, Angular.
- Better experience with JSON, REST API with even Node, Express, PHP also. Advance knowledge how to develop API for Mobile Application

You can see my little portfolio on freelancer, but I am ready to furnish more on request.
In short I think I am what you are actually looking.
Lets further discuss on chat.
Thanks




Hi there, I am wwwww.

I have been exploring and working in frontend development for 6 long years and still interested in carrying myself on with gaining unlimited knowledge from it.

As I have always been an inquisitive learner, I easily can cope with the new technical terms and languages of computers and can make others understand it too.
I am deft in the prominent languages of programming including, React, Vue, Angular, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Git, so on.

I am a software engineer and have created many websites of my own which got many famous among the general people and I’ve been overwhelmed with many appreciations as well.
Here are some of my best created websites links (URLwwwwwww).

I have strong knowledge on team capability building.
I have a good communication skills as well.
So I guarantee you of my level best performance and hope you are convinced by my skills already.

Thank you.


Dear Hiring Manager

I am very much interested in your job post on Upwork. You have been looking for a Web developer who is able to deliver you the best. I consider myself as the right choice for you because I have the right skills and potentiality to match your needs. 

I would like to demonstrate my skills which are sufficient for a Web Developer. Through many hardships and by investing a lot of time, I have been able to gain high skills  in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Testing and debugging, Backend basics, SEO and Designing. 

To prove my eligibility, I would like to show you my previous track records. I can proudly express that I have been serving as a Web Developer successfully for more than six years. 
I very well understand the preciousness of time, and so I have always submitted my jobs in allotted time.

That’s why I’m more than confident that I can be a great asset to your project. I would really love to have the opportunity to discuss the project details with you further. If you have any questions about my qualifications and skills, please do not hesitate let me know.

If you want to contact me later, I’m always available on Email and Skype. I am willing to work for 40+ hours per week to help you with your project. So, I am really looking forward to start the project as soon as possible with your permission.

Thanks for considering,
Sincerely
Write down (Your Name Here)




Hi. I just read your job posting and it sounds like you need ___

“Reply to this message and let me know when would be a good time for us to connect this week.”
“I have a couple more ideas I could share as well. When is the best time for us to connect this week?”
“Are you free Wednesday or Thursday to talk briefly? Let me know what works best for you.”


React and Node development is my passion and what I'm best at.
I'm excited to get the chance to help bring your ideas to life, and want to let you know that for me, the most important thing is a successful outcome.

I focus on writing idiomatic, scalable, and accessible code while prioritizing teamwork and collaboration with others as a part of my workflow.
I want to make a positive impact in people's lives through web development.