Client		Could you introduce your self which is your strongest technology.
			Where would you feel most comfortable?

Developer	I have worked multiple technologies.
			I would say that the most comfortable is the project javascirpt technology.
			I have worked with the multiple frameworks on the frontend and also backend.
			I am very familiar with React, Vue, Angular framework for the frontend and Node, Express, Laravel framework for the Backend.
			Regarding the challenge question that you said is, I think what I would like to do is whereever I find myself looking something new at the challenge.
			I am starting a project wiht a new technology that obviously it's related with what I've done, But not actually the same.
			I like that challenge to see how it is, and to put myself to work and start doing.
			Althugh I'm not eperianced on that thing. 
			Um in the past couple of years, I' ve done this multiple times, and this is how I learned a lot of things, How I learned multiple frameworks.


Client		As I see, you have around 9 years of experience, is it right?
			And your last project is related to Volafone as I understand.
			your task was only software development or you have to learn more about the telecom itself or something like that?

Developer	Yes, I have 9+ years of rich experience on these fields.
			It was mostly about development.

Client		And what I see is they use React and Typescript?

Developer	Right

Client		That's interesting for us.
			Would you be able to lead that team?
			So if there is  a team, Do you think it would be a good job for you?
			You are more fit as a team leader or team member?
			How would you consider yourself?

Developer	It depends on the project?
			let's say how familiar I'm with the project.
			I wouldn't say that it;s a good start as a leader in a new project especially with the big project.
			But I don't know Please let me know.
			What are your necessities first?


Client		hmm,,, That I'm just inquiring, there is no actual necessity, 
			But generally the leader, let's say what we call leader, has to identify the major issue. distribute the work among the people.
			You know it's general.
			It's not only the development,
			it's not only it. It's a bit soft skills to talk to people to try to help them if they have problems.
			So this is a bit more then the software development.
			Some senier people don't really like if because they say technical leading is something soft part how we call it, you know comfortable with them.
			So this was my question.

Developer	Okay I understand I think I can answer the question.
			I'm now sure what your expectation is, But I can say that.

Client		Okay it's fine. Are you already finish your current project or what's the timing here.

Developer	I'm here now and available to work.

Client		So are you available right now?

Developer	Yes.

Client		Okay I think of the moment, I don't have more inform, more questions...
			just one more, maybe one, only one.
			If there is a need for learning new technology, How open are you or you would like to keep the current step?

Developer	I'm open to ay new technology, so no problem on that.
			Do you have something on mind or just to be clear?

Client		Uh What I haven't see in your CV. But there is a need that might be a need is python.


Developer	Okay I understand. So there is no problem.
			I didn't think It will be a problem.


Client		Okay will contact you. Thanks.

Developer	Thanks Good day.

