I am looking for a reliable person who can work with me for long term for simple support with my work.
I want to share your upwork account.
I will pay 10% of my benefit per month.
As a web developer, I freelance on Upwork - this is my source of income.
I use my account and handle multiple full-time jobs.
I am doing all these tasks on my own, planning to outsource if I run out of hands.
In freelancing world, nationality matters – our senior developer can charge $50 per hour on average.
Last week, It was suspended and I need someone who help me to use Upwork account.
Upwork cares about IP address and detects VPN, they are security experts.
Upwork doesn't allow multiple accounts for one person, if you already have a suspended Upwork
account, please ignore this message and don't reply to me.

Requirements:

Upwork account under your name, address. (identity) (If you don't have one already, it's best. We will create it together, so don't create it on your own.)
You are male. (because I am male and I will be doing voice calls with clients.)
Provide me a payment method to use on Upwork. PayPal or Payoneer.
You can create two PayPal (Business/Personal) and Payoneer account, so we don't have to share one account. (I can't use mine on Upwork because holder's name should match - if not, account gets suspended)
I need a Computer in your location to access Upwork account. If you have a spare computer that you can let me use for full time, it works best. No need for a good one. Just able to connect and chat with clients. A windows tablet is also fine. I will be using AnyDesk or TeamViewer to connect.
You don't have a suspended Upwork account.


Payment:
– 10 % of my benefit (If you have developer experience and can help me with ad hoc video calls with clients, we can make this up to 15%)
I will use PayPal or Payoneer or pay directly to your card.
I hope we can help each other.
If you agree to this suggestion, please contact me.

Skype: live:.cid.b64830812c410bb4
Gmail: coryitpro@gmail.com
Discord: magnatar#2442
Telegram: @tinkertalent






I got your mail from Github
Hope you are doing well.
I'd like to share two new idea with you.

    First Idea:
If you have any projects, I'd like to work with yours.

I'm a Senior React, Angular, Vue, Node, Laravel, Blockchain developer
I have 10+ years of successful experience in full-Stack development.
This is my portfolio.
https://spotdomain.netlify.app/

It's a great happiness for me to give you satisfaction through perfect delivery and comfortable communication.

    My Experiences
I have built a lot of websites by using most of the Javascript and PHP frameworks such as React, Angular, Vue, Bootstrap, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Laravel, Symfony, Yii, CI.
In my experience, Laravel and Node(express) is the best choice for backend and Vue/Vuex or React/Redux is the best for frontend to develop websites for SaaS, CRM, eCommerce, Tutor, Real Estate, Betting, fitness&fintech, Education, etc. and I love it.

I assist my clients in clarifying requirements so that they get precisely what they need and I deliver perfect result with maintainable and testable code.

As a senior web developer with many years of software development experience, education and continuous training I not only apply my technical skills to your project, but I also provide plenty of advice, suggestions and help in shaping the plan to make your next great idea.

    I have another suggestion for you.

If you are interested, please reply to discuss more.
In the last few years, I’ve worked for a local company and earned a lot of money in the last few years but now I am free so I am going to work in Upwork as a freelancer.
But the earnings are not so good because the clients don't like to hire Asia developers than the European or American developers and the hourly rate is also low.
If I can use your Upwork account means I can get new jobs easily and can work at a high hourly rate.

-If you have an Upwork Account, I’m going to use it from your computer via Teamviewer or Anydesk remotely.
-In case you don’t have your account, you can create it newly.
-Is it legal for you to create a new account or lend me your account?
It never is illegal under your country's law.
As Upwork is some private company, It's just one company's rule, not the law of a country.
Next thing, I’ll need to create an account via a remote connection on your local if you don’t have an account.
-Why do I need access to your local?
I can create an account using some VPN or VPS to avoid IP/Location issues but their proxy will be detected by Upwork. After all, it will be banned by Upwork.
While using your Upwork account, I will pay you 10 percentages of my earnings per month.

Initially, I can earn 3k~5k per month so I will pay 300~500 per month, and then after I will earn more than 10k per month
So I will pay you 1k+ per month.
Of course, this is small money for you but you will get money without any work.
This is a long term relationship and If you agree I will work with you for at least over 3~5 years.
Honestly, If I work on your remote PC, you can see all my Upwork work.

I don't need your upwork login information.
It's because I'm only able to work on your PC remotely and Upwork needs video/ID verification, not possible without your help.

I would be waiting for your reply.
Wish you the best in your business and happy your family

Best Regards.