Hello How are you?
I'd like to work with you.
I'm a Senior React, Angular, Vue, Node, Laravel, Blockchain developer
I have 10+ years of successful experience in full-Stack development.
It's a great happiness for me to give you satisfaction through perfect delivery and comfortable communication.

✔️ My Experiences
I have built a lot of websites by using most of the Javascript and PHP frameworks such as React, Angular, Vue, Bootstrap, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Laravel, Symfony, Yii, CI.
In my experience, Laravel is the best choice for backend and Vue/Vuex or React/Redux is the best for frontend to develop websites for SaaS, CRM, eCommerce, Tutor, Real Estate, Betting, fitness&fintech, Education, etc. and I love it.

I assist my clients in clarifying requirements so that they get precisely what they need and I deliver perfect result with maintainable and testable code.

As a senior web developer with many years of software development experience, education and continuous training I not only apply my technical skills to your project, but I also provide plenty of advice, suggestions and help in shaping the plan to make your next great idea becomes reality.

I have a another suggestion for you.
If you are interested, please reply to discuss more.
In the last few years, I’ve worked for a local company and earned a lot of money in the last few years but now I am free so I am going to work in Upwork as a freelancer.
But the earnings are not so good because the clients don't like to hire Asia developers than the European or American developers and the hourly rate is also low.
If when I can use your Upwork account means I can get new jobs easily and can work at a high hourly rate.

-If you have Upwork Account, I’m going to use it from your computer via Teamviewer or Anydesk remotely.
-In case you don’t have your account, you can create it newly.
-Is it legal for you to create a new or lend me your account?
It never is illegal to your country's law.
As Upwork is some private company, It's just one company's rule, not the law of a country.
Next thing, I’ll need to create an account via a remote connection on your local if you don’t have an account.
-Why I need access to your local?
I can create an account using some VPN or VPS to avoid IP/Location issues but their proxy will be detected by Upwork. After all, it will be banned by Upwork.
Even so, I get access to your local, I’ll never need any data from local and steal your data in any case.
While using your Upwork account, I will pay you 10 percentages of my earnings per month.

Initially, I can earn 3k~5k per month so I will pay 300~500 per month, and then after I will earn more than 10k per month
So I will pay you  1k+ per month.
Of course, this is small money for you but you will get money without any work.
This is long term relationship and If you are agree
I will work with you for at least over 3~5 years.
Honestly, If I work on your remote PC, you can see all my Upwork work.

It's because I'm only able to work on your PC remotely and Upwork needs video/ID verification, not possible without your help.
I have got your mail from Github
I would be waiting for your reply.
Wish you the best in your business and happy your family

Best Regards.                      